layoffs are surging you have stores that
are closing and billionaires are
building bunkers what's going on you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you in today's video we are
going to look at what's happening right
now in the economy the real stuff the
stuff that you you know you just can't
get from the inflation data or the jobs
numbers no we would need real stuff so
that we can actually know what's going
on with our money how's that sound let's
again first things first macci to close
150 namesake stores but understand this
they're going to grow luxury Brands
because who's got the money it's the
people with the money they're not
worried about people that are looking
for discounts just like in Canada you
only have basically two internet service
providers and phone providers okay for
the most part there's two one of them
said we do not want those Shoppers that
are looking for discounts we are a quote
unquote luxury brand some I'm
paraphrasing we're a luxury brand and so
we don't want those people that are
worried about this and we we don't we're
okay with people that have left our
service so you have two two choices and
one of them is basically saying I don't
care if you're not going to take our
service this is like this is getting
worse and worse the situation is getting
tight for people because there basically
is no competition if one buys out the
other or if one says basically I'm going
to price myself at the top well then you
only have one choice and then they can
charge whatever they want this is
happening all over the place
consolidations mergers Acquisitions
they're taking place oh but don't worry
the government's going to help us right
San Francisco store requires customers
to shop with employee escort to curb
rampant shop lifting I think it's more
of a message that they were sending in
this particular store but you've seen
this they're locking up the toothpaste
they're locking up the Underpants I've
seen it all over everywhere and it is
going to that model where basically
we're going to be get getting rid of a
lot of the retail establishments except
for the luxury ones the luxury ones like
you try to get into a Rolex you know
what's going on right even though there
Rolex has nothing in their store they
have nothing there all right you try to
get in oh you can't you got to make an
appointment ahead of time and there's a
security guard at the front basically
telling you there's nothing for you to
see anyway okay that's an extreme
example but you look at a lot of these
companies doing basically the same thing
you speak to the clerk and they will get
you what you need that's the model of
the future and it tells us something's
fishy something's real fishy economy is
strong jobs are strong unemployment's
low but wait a minute all of this stuff
is going on how about the fact that I
mean I we're not even at the time of
this recording it's just about to be
March okay we're about to get into March
so we've gone through two months
basically and already in the United
States actually this is global numbers I
believe
45,000 layoffs in
Tech 45,000 and that is you know for the
most part it's coming uh inside the US
45,000 already
this is huge huge numbers all right look
at this the problem is you though
because you didn't take
OIC the more Americans that take OIC the
faster the US economy will grow
according to your friends at the vampire
squid Goldman Sachs has suggested to
everybody that you need to take this
stuff if you want if you're patriotic
and you want your economy to grow you
got to take this weight lost drug uh
which I'm if I'm not mistaken is
actually a diabetes drug but hey we can
support that economy that's right maybe
not for um Dunkin Donuts and uh Crispy
Cream Donuts because they didn't do so
well as a result of these drugs getting
really really popular all right Wendy's
is planning Uber style surge pricing
where Burger prices fluctuate based on
demand so I saw this one and I was like
okay sorry what
so basically the gist here is that
you've got a company like Wendy's you're
going to go in and I you could look at
it two ways that at one point when it's
lunchtime they can charge people more
because the demand is higher just like
you would with Uber or with any other
service okay but what I really think
this is is to discourage everybody from
going at the peak hour and like going an
hour earlier to Save A Buck that's kind
of what this is and I could see that
working the problem though I don't know
on I don't understand is like you get
there one minute late or there's like uh
you know a delay there's a big lineup
everyone's trying to get in before the
12:00 or whatever it is how does that
work I'm not so sure I'd like to know
your thoughts in the comments below I
know some people are frequent purchasers
of like the fast food stuff so uh I'd be
interested to know what you think about
this you know the easy way around is hey
I could just go an hour earlier or an
hour later and I'll be getting that
maybe cheaper or not I don't know how
that's going to work probably just their
way of increasing prices ultimately the
people the people that don't need to
worry about this though are those at the
top and there's no question about this
this is the distribution of household
wealth in the US in the US by income
group and the top so this is important
yeah oh the top 1% or even the top
10% right well what's really important
is to look at the top
0.1% and even more like if it would be
nice if it even broke it down even
further that would tell us
that like how extreme it is but we get a
good little good Glimpse I love it when
they do this when they actually give the
top 0.1% versus just the top
1% um because the top 1% especially in
some areas is it's not extreme uh but it
shows us that the more time that goes on
the more concentration of wealth into
those at the top it's not a surprise to
me is it to you you know how this works
you print money you devalue the currency
and those at the top
benefit guys like zucky now um
Zuckerberg who under no circumstances
can look normal I don't know how he
looks in real
life but i' I've never seen anybody look
like this before it's it's wild um life
of the billionaire Doomsday Preppers
stash with guns and gold to a 200
million pound secret bunker so this is
something that I believe
people
like they look at and they say hey what
are you what's this guy doing he's got
all this money and this and that I I
think we should kind of take it like
take a note and kind of say if they
could be spending their money on
anything they're building a bunker it's
going to be a super expensive
thing and you
know why are they doing this like it's
just it's it's not one example it's many
many examples and sure it's in Insurance
to some degree um but they're doing what
people get like the Preppers they get
laughed at oh my God you got gold oh my
goodness you you want land you want a
garden oh and then you see the
billionaires who could literally buy
whatever they want they never need to
worry about food prices going higher but
yet they're the ones
prepping what do you
think kind of makes you think right this
is just showing us certain data has
improved and when I look at there's a
lot of these things I I just pulled up a
bunch of charts but the point is I am
seeing a bunch of different data uh as
it relates to the broad economy in
general that has bottomed out and has
come up so the tightness I think along
it it happens to mirror what I can see
with different indications of liquidity
like we are easier now than we were
before
despite uh the FED funds rate being
where it is and so it's not a
coincidence I believe that doesn't mean
we can't go into recession hard
recession hard Landing all that stuff
but that's where we're at right now
today okay a lot of stats have added up
look if you want to know about this
stuff in depth I cover it each and every
single week right Friday is all about
Finance Sunday is all about building a
business particularly with e-commerce
business um because I can share personal
insights with that if you're interested
in that link in the description I want
to thank you for being here today don't
forget to hit that Thumbs Up Button did
we get the fireworks all right of course
I'll see you tomorrow take care